com/termproject/geoad/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.termproject.geoad.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/termproject/geoad/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.termproject.geoad.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/termproject/geoad/MainActivity.java
 com.termproject.geoad.MainActivity
com/termproject/geoad/NotificationHelper.java
 com.termproject.geoad.NotificationHelper
com/termproject/geoad/PatientHomeScreen.java
 com.termproject.geoad.PatientHomeScreen
com/termproject/geoad/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.termproject.geoad.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/termproject/geoad/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.termproject.geoad.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/termproject/geoad/MapsActivity.java
 com.termproject.geoad.MapsActivity
 com.termproject.geoad.MapsActivity$1
 com.termproject.geoad.MapsActivity$2
com/termproject/geoad/data/Result.java
 com.termproject.geoad.data.Result
 com.termproject.geoad.data.Result$1
 com.termproject.geoad.data.Result$Error
 com.termproject.geoad.data.Result$Success
com/termproject/geoad/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.termproject.geoad.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/termproject/geoad/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.termproject.geoad.data.LoginDataSource
com/termproject/geoad/RequestChangeOrNew.java
 com.termproject.geoad.RequestChangeOrNew
com/termproject/geoad/GeofenceBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.termproject.geoad.GeofenceBroadcastReceiver
com/termproject/geoad/CaretakerRegistration.java
 com.termproject.geoad.CaretakerRegistration
com/termproject/geoad/RequestNewGeofence.java
 com.termproject.geoad.RequestNewGeofence
com/termproject/geoad/BuildConfig.java
 com.termproject.geoad.BuildConfig
com/termproject/geoad/RequestConfirm.java
 com.termproject.geoad.RequestConfirm
com/termproject/geoad/MapFragment.java
 com.termproject.geoad.MapFragment
 com.termproject.geoad.MapFragment$1
 com.termproject.geoad.MapFragment$1$1
com/termproject/geoad/GeofenceChangeRequest.java
 com.termproject.geoad.GeofenceChangeRequest
com/termproject/geoad/GeofenceHelper.java
 com.termproject.geoad.GeofenceHelper
com/termproject/geoad/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.termproject.geoad.data.LoginRepository
com/termproject/geoad/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.termproject.geoad.ui.login.LoginResult
com/termproject/geoad/CaretakerLogin.java
 com.termproject.geoad.CaretakerLogin
com/termproject/geoad/PatientRegister.java
 com.termproject.geoad.PatientRegister
com/termproject/geoad/StartScreen.java
 com.termproject.geoad.StartScreen
com/termproject/geoad/PatientLogin.java
 com.termproject.geoad.PatientLogin
com/termproject/geoad/NewAccountSuccess.java
 com.termproject.geoad.NewAccountSuccess
